5 Great Tips to Earning Income With Amazon

Amazon offers an endless array of products for consumers to buy. When you are a member of the Amazon Associate Program, you have the opportunity to earn income, and if you use these 5 tips, you’ll be able to earn plenty of income, so let’s have a look.

#1 Choosing a Niche is Key
The very first thing you have to do is decide what your niche will be. In fact, if you don’t pick a niche you are destined for failure. This is by far the most important decision you will make. Once you decide on a niche, you can begin to move forward with your money-making agenda.

That’s because it is a lot easier to make money through Amazon affiliate program when the people that reach your website or blog are looking for a specific product that your website talks about and then of course also offers the product. When you offer to wide a selection of products, it is more difficult because you don’t place as well in the search engines and you don’t have the same targeted traffic arriving at your site.

#2 Within Your Content Link to Products
About 50% of income made on Amazon is made through text links placed within the content on the page. Simple text links have proven to be the most effective way to get visitors to click. Web surfers trust the content on web pages more than any other are of a site, and so they are much more likely to click these links than they are to click graphic links.

#3 Product Images Should be Clickable Links
Product images that click through to the affiliate make up about 15% of total Amazon income, and this is relatively easy to do using HTML code.

#4 Create Several Links to Amazon.com
The more links you create to Amazon.com the better. Every link inside your article or content is another opportunity to bring a potential customer to the product and that’s an opportunity for you to make a commission.  Six to twelve links in an article is perfect.

#5 Highest Conversion on Product Reviews
If you do a high quality product review of the product in your niche you’ll get a much higher click thru rate and this means you can increase sales and therefore the amount of commission you earn. 

These 5 great tips are a good place to start to generate earnings with Amazon affiliate.
