Can You Make Money With the Amazon Affiliate Program?

If you have been looking at the Amazon affiliate program and wondering if it is right for you, the only person that can answer that question is you. But we are going to provide you with all kinds of reasons why you should consider this program.

#1 Commissions
Many don’t think the 4% commission is adequate, but consider the difference it makes between a $10 disk, which is .40 cents, and a $5000 camera, which is $200 – suddenly the 4% doesn’t seem all that bad. In addition, it’s pretty easy to take the 4% to 6%. All you need to do is sell seven items. Now consider this – if you make your seven items, using low ticket items that sell fast, that puts you in place for the high ticket items at a higher price. You have make as much as 8.50 percent when you reach the higher end of the selling scale.

#2 People Purchase More Than a Single Item
One thing that is great about Amazon is that it is like ‘one stop shopping.’ You send them to the site – they buy ‘your’ advertised item and then they shop some more – you get paid. Or if they leave the site but come back within 24 hours you still get your commission. So let’s look at an example. You send a potential customer to the site because they are going to buy a ‘book’ you promoted. When they get there they not only find buy the book they buy a headset, and then finish their purchase with a new phone. Now you’ll get paid commission on all of those items. 

#3 Remember That Every Little Bit Adds Up 
Initially the commissions may seem small. You may think how can you possibly earn a living with small commissions – after all 4% on a $10 item is .40 cents. Celebrate these little payouts because before long one item is ten items and ten items is a thousand items. Before long to go with the ten dollar items are the items that cost hundreds of dollars. Soon your commission checks will grow and you will enjoy the benefits of a steady income. So be patient. Make sure that you provide plenty of links on your website or blog to bring people to the products you are selling. 

#4 Many Links to Products
As we touched on above, make sure that you are providing many links to the products you want your site visitors to click and eventually purchase. The more links the more likely that you will have a sale complete. Don’t be afraid to place your links strategically in your content or article.
