How to Use Article Marketing to Increase Amazon Revenue

The Amazon Affiliate Program provides an excellent opportunity to build a steady revenue source. There are a number of ways to incorporate Amazon products into your site, but one method that works very well is to include your Amazon product or products in articles. Here are the steps to do just that.

1. First you will need to login to your Amazon Affiliate Program at amazon.com using your username and your password, which was provided to you upon signup.
2. Once you have logged in you need t go to the best selling products, which you can select from the drop down list. Then choose the product type you want to sell.
3. After you select the product, you need to click on the get link to copy your affiliate link. Amazon has made this a very easy process for you.
4. Now copy and paste the link into your document. You will insert it shortly.
5. Start the process of writing your recommendation. Make sure that you provide detail. Talk about the good and that bad, the pros and the cons. Make your article between 300 and 500 words. Don’t go much over 500 words because you will lose your reader – their attention span is simply not that long. 
6. Now it is time to put your article on the web for others to read. There are a number of article banks out there, but Ezine Articles, which is found at http://www.ezineartlces.com is one of the most popular and recommended. If you do not yet have an account here, or at any of the other article banks, you wish to use, then you need to create an account. You will need to provide your information and a photo so your customers can feel like they know a little about you.
7. Paste your article and then in the signature line at your Amazon Affiliate URL, which you obtained earlier. 
8. If you have another product then repeat the steps again. 

If you don’t like to write or you are not a good freelance writer there are many sites online where you can hire a qualified writer to write your article for you. This is an excellent way to ensure you get a top quality article. You can also use freelance writers to write your content for your site too. 

Amazon Affiliate Program offers you an excellent opportunity to earn income and with a little work, you can turn this into a full time income opportunity. 
