Make Money With Amazon and Your Blog

Are you looking to make some money with your blog? When you start blogging and your focus is to make some money, it can be a bit daunting finding revenue sources. One of the quickest and easiest is to open up an Amazon Associate account.

Once you open your Amazon account, you can sprinkle your articles with Amazon HTML links, which are based on the products you choose to promote on your blog. These custom links send those that click to the item on Amazon’s page, and if they purchase the product, you are paid a commission. What’s nice is that these links are on your blog forever, and that means you can be paid commissions for an endless period of time. 

Signing up for your Amazon account is pretty easy. Look at your analytics to determine where your traffic is coming from. For most people The US Associates account is the best choice as it allows you to appeal to the most people, but if you focus on a product that targets let’s say a British market, then you would want a British Associate signup.

Once your account is set up, you’ll place links in your blog, which is pretty straight forward. You’ll log into your Amazon account and you’ll find the product that you want to link to. All you need to do is click ‘Link to this page,’ and simply follow the instructions that are given to you, which will be based on how you want your link to look. The text option is the most popular because it also gives you flexibility to change the text but that’s up to you. Don’t be afraid to experiment, especially in the early times to find what works for you. Then you’ll simply take the HTML code that is given to you and place it in your blog. 

Generally, the more you sell the more commission you’ll make. General product commissions start at 4%, but after just six sales in a month that increases to 6%. Then there are incremental increases of .5% all the way up to 8.5%. Remember, this applies to general products. Many specialty categories like electrical goods remain at 4% no matter how many units you sell. Then again, some categories like digital goods are set at 10%, while others have a cap. Be sure to read on Amazon, so as not to be surprised.

It doesn’t take long to start to make money. It’s quicker than you might think. Things like ‘Favorite Picks’ or ‘Top 10 Lists’ can really begin to generate income quickly. Don’t be afraid to experiment! There are bloggers that make a full time income from selling Amazon products on their blogs. You can too!
