Tricks to Making Money through Amazon Affiliate Program 

Amazon Affiliates has provided many entrepreneurs with a comfortable income. But not everyone has been successful, so we thought now would be a good time to share a few tricks that have helped others be successful. 

If you want to boost your payout on high priced products sell larger quantities of those inexpensive products. Expensive items over a $100 are what you really want but to boost the commission rate you can include those lower priced items because these are easier to sell. You can have different websites set up for each niche so that they don’t cross paths on the same site. Higher priced items are sold less frequently but you only have to sell seven items to raise your commission rate from 4 percent to 6 percent, so if you sell seven small items, which is easier, you can enjoy a higher commission on your larger ticket items. 

Make sure that you use multiple tracking ID’s for each of your sites. Amazon’s default is to assign you one tracking ID, but you can create up to one hundred tracking ID’s. And if you create that many you just have to ask for more so don’t be afraid to create these tracking IDs so you can see what’s going on. After all, you would not use the same Google Analytics code on all your websites would you? So why would you do it with Amazon.  You need to see where your traffic is coming from along with what products they are driven to in order to be able to make sound buying decisions. 

Make sure that you create a product comparison grid for each of the products that you are marketing within your niche. Then allow your visitors to sort by the different features of each of the products. This is an excellent way to increase your sales. In fact, it can generate as much as 10 percent more income for you. It is a tool that is often overlooked, but it has so much potential.

Add a ‘buy it now’ button to your content or articles and make it convenient for people to buy your items. In fact, it has been shown that you can increase your income by as much as 10% by adding a simple buy button. That’s definitely worth the little time it takes to create and insert the button on your sites.

There you have it – just a few tricks that you can put to use on your website or blog to increase your Amazon income. 


