The Golden Rule to Making Money with Amazon Associate Program

If you are just getting started using Amazon Associate Program before you jump in promoting products, there is something you should know – The Golden Rule – actually there are a handful of golden rules you should follow that will help you make money with Amazon.  

#1 The products you choose should always be over $100. 

Because Amazon’s commission is only 4% for the item that sells, it’s important to sell higher priced items if at all possible. That percentage can go as high as 8.25% if you sell sufficient product quantities. You will make more money when high priced products sell, compared to low priced products. Amazon allows you to sort by price making it easier to find the products you want to sell. 

#2 The products you choose should get a minimum of a 4 star review.

For success, it is key for you to promote products that have good reviews. You will get a much higher conversion rate on products that have a good review. These days’ people like to do a lot of research before they decide what they will buy. After all, it’s easy with the internet to review products and find the best products. Therefore, if you are promoting products that have a low review score people simply are not going to buy them because they know that there are better options. 

#3 Always create a blog that’s like a review with only the best content and use text links, which Amazon readers prefer over widgets.

If you ask bloggers who are successful with Amazon earnings they will tell you that they do best when they do product reviews. That’s because people like to read reviews before they make their choice. The more compelling your review the faster you will make Amazon income. It’s really that simple. 

To start your review blogging you do not even need your own domain name and you don’t have to purchase hosting. You can start by using one of the blogging sites that host blogs. The one thing that you should do is choose your name (Subdomain) to be close to the product name. For example, if you are promoting XYZ Treadmills then choosing a name like XYZ-treadmills would be wise. This helps with your search engine optimization and that’s important for potential customers to find you, because it is what will help you rank well in the search engines. 


