The Secret to Increase Your Amazon Associate Income

If your goal is to make income through affiliate programs, one of the programs you will want to investigate is the Amazon Associate Program – this one is certainly worthwhile to have a look at. There are tons of affiliate programs out there, but not all of them are created equal. In fact, many don’t really generate a great deal of income, but Amazon Associate Program is different. 

Amazon affiliate program makes it easy to drop your HTML code in your blog, articles, or content. You make your selection for what you would like to see on your page and Amazon gives you the code – you just cut and paste. It has been proven that the text links do best. What’s nice about these is that you can actually change the text to fit your article, blog, or content.

Amazon Associate Program has plenty of options even if you are just starting out. The 4% commission might not seem to appealing but there’s plenty of potential here because when just seven items are sold that commission jumps to 6%. Let’s have a look at the secret to increasing your income on Amazon.

You are going to want to find your niche and then search engine optimize your pages for the product you are going to sell. For example, let’s say you are going to focus on toasters. Then you will want to SEO your page to bring targeted traffic to your site. 

You want to focus on the bigger ticket items for your main commission because 4% of $100 is much better than 4% of $10, so at least some of the items you are going to market needs to be higher ticket. Don’t be afraid to include thousand dollar items as well. 

However, there’s a little trick that can help you increase your commission percentage and your overall income. We already mentioned to get to the 6% commission rate you only have to sell seven items a month. You also already know that smaller ticket items always sell faster. So set yourself up so that you can move tons of these small products easily. That will instantly bump your commission up so that you are making more on those big ticket items.

There is a higher rate of 8.5% but that one’s a little tougher to reach, as you have to sell thousands of items, so focus on the 6% at least in the beginning. 

Amazon offers you a wide array of products, so many that no matter what your niche is you should have no problem finding a product to promote and sell. So make the most of what Amazon can give you – The Amazon Associate Program has a lot to offer in income.
