Tips and Tricks to Generate Amazon Income

Earning revenue through the Amazon affiliate program offers a great deal of potential to anyone who takes the time to really figure out how to really get the most out of it. Let’s look at just a few tips and tricks that can increase your revenue. 

One trick that works well for many is to find a way to publish recurring deals. If you can frequently mention products on sale it can increase your revenue, and an easy way to do this is just to post weekly deals. You can include this in your content and make it appear in a way that your visitor feels you are offering them valuable information. If you have the time, you can do it as a daily deal posting each day instead of weekly.

You can also publish a monthly list of bestsellers. These might not always be in your niche. It’s a bit like a trending list, in fact, you could call it that if you like. You can find out what the bestsellers are on Amazon just by going to www.amazon.com/bestsellers. If you want more visitors and more exposure than write an article that talks about one or more of these bestselling products. It’s a good idea not to make your list include more than 10 bestsellers or it will lose its effectiveness.

Carousel banner ads have proven to work better than the static banner ads. The carousel widgets are interactive and will generally display about a dozen products in the banner. It is easy to create an Amazon carousel banner right in your associate account. You can even add products manually if you want to or just display those that are bestselling. 

Don’t waste your time creating an Amazon Astore. Many find the conversion rate is awful – less than 1 percent of total sales. If you aren’t convinced you can try it for yourself, but many of the high earners don’t bother wasting their time here. 

You’ll do better just getting the people over to Amazon.com through your text links. You can expect this to be your main focus for revenue generating. When you send someone to Amazon and they buy within 24 hours of initially going there, you’ll get paid your commission. And if the customer ads it to the cart but doesn’t complete, if they go back and buy within 30 days, you will get your commission. This is the most effective way to make money with your Amazon affiliate program.

It is possible to earn a full time income through Amazon. These tips and tricks are a good start.

