Why You Should Choose Amazon Affiliate Program

There are tons of affiliate programs out there to choose from, but one that gets plenty of focus is the Amazon Affiliate program. Let’s look at some reasons why you should consider the Amazon Affiliate program. 

1. Amazon is a name you can trust – In fact it’s a name that consumers have trusted for a very long time. For you that means more revenue, because they are much more likely to purchase from Amazon, you’ll enjoy the benefits in the commissions.
2. Easy to integrate – The number of plugins and tools that integrate with Amazon affiliate continues to grow and that means it is easy for you to integrate your affiliate links into your website or blog.
3. Holidays are gravy – The holiday seasons mean you can make a killing with Amazon affiliate program. It starts in October and ramps up in December and it is known to be the hottest month on Amazon. Enjoy it.
4. Payment options – Amazon offers affiliates the option of being paid in cash or product. Now that’s handy! This means if you want to 
5. Amazon is an investment – Think of Amazon like you would any investment. What we mean is that the more time you invest in your Amazon business the more you will reap from it. Increase the number of doorways to the product and you increase the opportunity to generate revenue.
6. Wide selection of products – Amazon has an endless array of products and what that means for you is that you will have no problem finding a niche and then finding products that fit into that niche. You are certainly not limited by the products you have to choose from.
7. Commission increases with sales – The general sales commission is 4 percent, but with just the sale of seven items the commission jumps to 6 percent. That means you can focus on big ticket items but to get to that higher percentage you can sell cheap items. Your commission rate can actually go up to 8.5 percent. Be sure to review the commission schedule on the Amazon site.
8. Adding links is easy – It has never been easier to insert links in your content or articles. It’s simply a matter of putting the HTML code in place. It is a simple process that anyone can do, without any special skills or understanding.

Eight simple reasons why you should choose the Amazon affiliate program if you want to make money.

